Smal review of doc landing page (#6945)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/index.md

> [MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) resources are not only related to Maps but also [Dashboards](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/exploring-dashboards/) and [Stories](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/exploring-stories/); in [MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) you can create your own innovative and fascinating 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) resources are not only related to Maps but also [Dashboards](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/exploring-dashboards/) and [Stories](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/exploring-stories/); in [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/ you can create your own innovative and fascinating 
```

[Application Context](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/managing-contexts/) where users can save, manage and share its own resources by also managing access permissions to other groups of users.

[MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) is not only a product but also a WebGIS framework. As a standard geoportal product, it is a web-based product that allows to provide a powerful and interactive geospatial WebGIS, it provides a direct and real-time access to geospatial data warehouses and it supports the most common  standards formats available for geospatial data. 
[MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) also provides advanced spatial analysis capabilities that can be used to build WebGIS solutions through a powerful, dynamic and open 
geospatial application. Since [MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) is also a framework, you can use it to build your own WebGIS applications by using its plugins and modules.

> Last but not the least, [MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) is map agnostic and ensures the greatest flexibility: its abstraction tier allows to work with different web mapping libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last but not the least, [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) is map agnostic and ensures the greatest flexibility: its abstraction tier allows to work with different web mapping libraries.
```

> The mapping engines currently supported by [MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) are [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/) (used by default for desktops), [LeafletJS](https://leafletjs.com/) (used by default for mobile devices) and [Cesium 3D viewer](https://cesiumjs.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mapping engines currently supported by [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) are [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/) (used by default for desktops), [LeafletJS](https://leafletjs.com/) (used by default for mobile devices) and [Cesium 3D viewer](https://cesiumjs.org/).
```

> [MapStore](https://mapstore.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/) has been designed from the beginning to provide a coherent and comprehensive experience across different devices types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) has been designed from the beginning to provide a coherent and comprehensive experience across different devices types.
```
